# Transcript Analysis and Entity Matching This repository contains tools for analyzing transcripts, extracting named entities, matching entities between ground truth and predictions, and generating performance statistics. ## Contents 1. `process_transcript.py`: Extracts and organizes named entities from a transcript. 2. `process_and_analyze.py`: Matches entities between ground truth and predictions, and generates performance statistics. ## Requirements - Python 3.7+ - Required Python packages: - requests - python-dotenv - fuzzywuzzy - python-Levenshtein - jiwer - whisper-normalizer - jarowinkler - fuzzy You can install the required packages using: ``` pip install requests python-dotenv fuzzywuzzy python-Levenshtein jiwer whisper-normalizer jarowinkler fuzzy ``` ## Usage ### 1. Process Transcript This script extracts named entities from a transcript and organizes them into a timeline. ``` python process_transcript.py path/to/transcript.txt path/to/output/directory --entity_types NAME ORGANIZATION ``` Arguments: - `transcript_file`: Path to the input transcript file - `output_dir`: Directory where the output files will be saved - `--entity_types`: (Optional) Types of entities to extract (default is NAME and ORGANIZATION) Outputs: - `entities.json`: Raw entity data extracted from the transcript - `timeline.json`: Organized timeline of entities sorted by position ### 2. Process and Analyze This script matches entities between ground truth and predictions, and generates performance statistics. ``` python process_and_analyze.py path/to/ground_truth_timeline.json path/to/ground_truth_transcript.txt path/to/prediction_timeline.json path/to/prediction_transcript.txt path/to/output_folder ``` Arguments: - `ground_truth_timeline`: Path to the ground truth timeline JSON file - `ground_truth_transcript`: Path to the ground truth transcript file - `prediction_timeline`: Path to the prediction timeline JSON file - `prediction_transcript`: Path to the prediction transcript file - `output_folder`: Path to the output folder Outputs: - `matches.json`: Entity matching results - `statistics.json`: Performance statistics including WER, PNER, and PNWER ## Environment Variables The `process_transcript.py` script requires a Private AI API key. Set this in your environment or in a `.env` file: ``` PRIVATE_AI_API_KEY=your_api_key_here ``` ## License [MIT License](LICENSE) ## Contributing Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome. Feel free to check [issues page](https://github.com/yourusername/your-repo-name/issues) if you want to contribute. ## Author Your Name - [Your Email] Project Link: [https://github.com/yourusername/your-repo-name](https://github.com/yourusername/your-repo-name) 